This software is copyright (c) 2011-2015 ClearSpark, PTY LTD.
All rights reserved.

In terms of this document, "this software" is taken to mean any and all files
within the directory, and any subdirectories thereof, in which this document
resides, excluding the contents of files or directories that are symbolic links.

You may not reproduce or distribute this software in binary or source form
except for backup, archival, and/or operational redundancy purposes, nor may
you modify this software in any format, electronic or mechanical, without
explicit prior written permission from the copyright holder(s). In the case of
reproduction for the aforementioned permissible purposes, this notice must be
reproduced verbatim as well.

This software is provided by the copyright holders "as is" and any express or
implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event
shall the copyright holder(s) be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to,
procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or
business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in
contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising
in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility
of such damage.

This software uses and interacts with other software applications and libraries,
collectively known as 'dependencies'. These dependencies are not distributed
with this software, and must be installed by you. One specific dependency,
pygal, is released under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3
(LGPLv3) and the use of it by this software requires that notice of the
licensing terms of pygal be given. You can find the complete terms of the LGPLv3
license that covers only the dependency pygal in the license/LGPLv3 file,
accompanying this software.
